this is earth sketchpad i'm lorna
harrington and this is a cool bird a
penguin and you can draw one in three
minutes
[Music]
when drawing a penguin I like to start
with the head first so I'm just gonna
make basic sort of circular shape here
that got quite round heads I'm just
gonna give him a little bit of a neck
here's this beak there's the other side
of the neck
yeah the wings penguins actually a
flightless birds
so those wings are for swimming round
they're just bit of a curve the body
it's on to the feet they've actually got
quite long legs onto all those feathers
[Music]
and just give him an eye so you can see
and just add some detail here to the
feathers and a bit more detail here
these feathers keep them nice and warm
just add a line there for a bit of a
belly then just a little bit more
definition here just to show you where
his neck is and where the wings are and
then just to speed this up I'm actually
just going to change to a slightly
thicker pen just gonna go over the
certain bits and just shave them in to
darker color just to make him look a
little bit more penguiny
[Music]
onto the face
I'm gonna have to move quickly
[Music]
penguin in three minutes
penguins are flightless birds but this
one wants to fly so I'm gonna turn him
on his side let's just add some movement
to it because he's blasting through the
sky dreams about flying and he's being
blasted from a cannon who lit the cannon
who knows maybe one of his penguin
friends or maybe he did it himself
last just add some clouds
a bit more movement sir this penguin is
absolutely just right and just
Adaline in the background give it a bit
of a horizon few more clouds wonder
where it's gonna land North Pole London
maybe it's going on hold there someone
anything he's already thought it through
it's gonna write Fang as well a penguin
taking flight after being blasted from a
cannon fire loving the creature kale
there's plenty more sketch pad pics on
the BBC earth kids Channel